Play the game for a few minutes, get to know it, change the difficulty.

    a. How would you expand the game? What options or settings could you add? 
    One way to expand the game would be to make the easy mode easier. Adding introduction material explaining rbg and how the three sets of numbers affect the color would make the easy mode more easier. To me, this seems a more educational game, so expanding in that area by providing more information on rbg would be a good idea.

3.  Using this documentation https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Introduction to guide you:

    a. What is the DOM?
    DOM is an application programming interface for HTML documents. When the HTML document is loaded by the browser, it constructs a tree of different elements in the documents based on how they are nested, and determine what to render in the viewport. Each element in the constructed tree is treated as an object and can be modified using Javascript.

    b. When is the DOM different than HTML?
    when the html document is not a valid HTML document then DOM is different because when creating DOM, browser will attempt to correct what is not valid.

    c. What is the state of the DOM when you first load the page?
    When the browser first loads the page it creates DOM as the first step. So the state of the DOM would be being created. 

    d. What is the state of the DOM if you turn off JavaScript and refresh the page?
    The JavaScript is not loaded untill the DOM is created. So it has no effect on the DOM. The page might look different because the render tree will be different since JavaScript is not on the DOM will not be modified.

4.  Now let's explore the code. Use the inspector to investigate the HTML, CSS and Javascript.

    a. Which parts of UI are being generated by the HTML file? The CSS? The JavaScript?
        -The Heading and the squares as well as all the buttons are genereted using HTML. All the color and font size as well as latter spacings and background colors are genered using css. The javaScript file acticves the selected mode and also changes the color of the squares. JS also removes and adds display property of the suares to display either 3 or 6 squares depending on the mode. JS also randomly picks and displays a RGB value.

    b. What happens inside the CSS file when you click on various elements in the page?
            i.  What elements does the CSS file change? 
        -In CSS files, there are certain classes that are added using JS. For example when selecting different modes. JS assings a selected class to selected button, then the properties of the selected class will be activated--it's background color, font color and other cosmetic will be applied to the selected button. Also CSS is resposible for hovering effect; so, that user will be notified that its a clickable button. 

        

    c. What happens inside the HTML file when you click on various elements in the page?
    In this case HTM files is static and doesn't change. The only modification made will be to the DOM in the browser. 

    d. Use breakpoints in the JavaScript to walk through what happens when you click on various elements on the page.

        i.  What happens when you click on a color block?
        -upon clicking a color box function init is activite, then inside the fuction setupSquares is activated. The SetupSquares function will First read the color of the color box clicked, then it checks to see if the value is the same as the pickedColor and if the color matches then function will display message that says "Correct!", also it will change the text of the "NEW COLOR" to say "PLAY AGAIN". Next it will change all square to the color of the clicked box and will check if the resetPressed is true if true will increment the score by 5 and sets resetPressed value to false. Lastly score is displayed and stored in the localStorage. If the clicked color box doesn't match the picked color then the box is hidden by changing the color of the box to the same value as the background color. Next "Try Again" message is displayed. next score is decremented by 1 point and will be displayed as well as saved int the localStorage.  
 
        ii.  What happens when you click on the winning color block? 
        -checks to see if the value is the same as the pickedColor and if the color matches then function will display message that says "Correct!", also it will change the text of the "NEW COLOR" to say "PLAY AGAIN". Next it will change all square to the color of the clicked box and will check if the resetPressed is true if true will increment the score by 5 and sets resetPressed value to false. Lastly score is displayed and stored in the localStorage
        iii.  What happens when you click "Play again"? 

        iv.  What HTML and CSS elements can JavaScript change? 
        - In this application, JS changes the color properties as well as the display properties. JS also changes the text content of the HTML elements.

        v.  How does score keeping work? 
        - Looks like every time user clicks on the right color box, score is incremented by 5 points and when the user clicks of the wrong color box score is decremented by 1 point. 

        vi.  Why does it persist through closing the page? 
        - The reasion the application persist through sessions is because the application utilizes localStorage.

        vii.  When you win what happens when the title changes? 
        - when user wins a api request is made using the fetch to get the color name of the RGB value, then the color name is displayed instead of the RGB value. then score is added and displayed with play again buttton. 

        viii.  What does Asynchronous mean in the context of JavaScript? 
        - Asynchronous means that when a block or line of code requires time to process then the block or the line is put aside and will continue to the next line until that block of code is processed. 

        ix.  What is the fetch function inside of updateColorName? 
        The fetch function is a api request function, we can use it to make Http request to APIs

        x.  What does it do?
        In this application Fetch is used to request color name from an API.

        xi.  What's an alternative to using fetch? 
        some alternatives to fetch are FileZilla, Cyberduck, Forklift, and so on. 
        xii.  Why use one over the other? 
        there are some advantages and disadvantages in using fetch one of the disadvantage is, fetch is only supported by newer browsers. In this case if Axios is used it is supported by most of the older browsers. 

5.  Add comments to the JavaScript code explaining what you think each function does.

6.  As you went through this process which of the 3E's did you draw from most? How?
-I am mostly observering and other time looking up. Since most of the things on this program are new, I was very curious to know what each of the code did. To figure that out, I had to observer. So from the 3E's I drew most from the Observation. 


    a. Curiosity, Deal with Uncertainty, Observation Skills

7.  Push your changes to Git.